soon there will be behind my back
new high ground dominant north
capital and lahta center which
will simultaneously become an attraction and
business activity of our city
it is necessary to solve the transport problem
this territory and today we will see
what came up with the city to provide
Entrance class at the center of a new business
the center of power was the impetus for development
new road network in the seaside area
who does not take the lead on
construction of new housing in St. Petersburg
residential is built only in yntolovo
Quarter accommodation for about
60 thousand people for them new roads
will be salvation
so let's figure out what to build and
where is the main highway which should
solve accessibility problems and quarters
buildings and lakhta center this m 49
it will start from the overpass in
Olgino where it is now
railway crossing further she
will go through horse lacquer there western
speed diameter
m 49 connects the coastal highway with the area
heaters and western with a red diameter and
motorists will be able to get on
parachute glider curfew
Avenue
while you drive up to new buildings you can either
along the seaside highway through
Olgino further spider on the Latin road
either through western speed diameter
or as with departure on the same road new
the track will firstly become optional
by entry-exit to this territory in
secondly, it kind of unloads the ring
you can really count on that
such a decision that is essentially
let on a short stretch but an understudy
Ring Road will allow well though
somehow maneuver and slightly
unload the seaside highway and end
the result may even Vyborg highway while
Primorskoe highway can not be called the
problematic place in petersburg
but whether it will still work when it starts
lakhta center food costs the whole volume
planned housing
to the entrance to the very center of Lahti will
built several turning congresses
alignment of the seaside Volgin street
and at the end of the street savushkina and also
one new road take route m32
back is the seaside highway i and
sister rail branch
directions apparently around here
must pass
promising highway m32 which will go around
Olga village is located literally in
50 meters from where we are now
we are and connect with the projected
routes m 49
here we will also plan an overpass over
railroad with access to the seaside
highway with access to lakhta
center
ultimately the general traffic pattern in
northwestern part of the seaside region
would look like this m32 from
seaside highway
skirting olgino goes to m 49th 49
go parallel to the cat cross
western speed diameter
and then connect with the road to the heater
and Suzdal Avenue in the final
account if there are city authorities
means for complete and speedy
implementation of these plans
residents of new districts of Yuntolovo and
employees and visitors of the lakhta center
will be easy and without traffic jams to get to
work or at home
Catherine Semchenko Andrew loves and Danil
baratyn screw